hey YouTube um here's the quick test
flight it's freezing up and I don't have
anyone to film so I'm just gonna set you
right here and hope you can see the
helicopter
so called out
I'm afraid to lift it off the ground
fudge and there's first crash oh good no
damage done
just these prevent the ground is really
soft even that's freezing out
so what I thought was to be a safe crash
ended up in the mixing arm broke right
here I want you to see but this piece
right here this is a mixing arm this is
supposed to connect to this to make the
blade spin like that and the mixing arm
goes up and down like if I spin it
around on this side you can see it's
connected right there and it helps to
bleep turn in and out the other blade
just stays there instead of moving with
the blade with the other one so I'm
gonna buy a new mixing arm go to new
mixing arms and I'm gonna upgrade to
either carbon fiber or metal so that was
my first crash it it wasn't trimmed
right properly kept going up and to the
right as you saw so I'm just gonna
upgrade the mixing arms to metal oh man
that might get a metal fly bar or a
carbon fiber fly bar so in some cases
this crash is good but in other cases I
can't fly it for like a while now
because closest hobby shop is 45 minutes
away
stay right there has wrecked it stuck
and get some jams and jams these wings
from going down are the blades but
anyway the closest hobby shop is 45
minutes away
so here's um someone probably not gonna
be able to fix it till Saturday and
today is the 29th I think it's like a
Thursday or Friday I don't know it's
winter break so I don't I'm gonna keep
track of days
but anyway the helicopter is broken um
everything is in good shape except for
the mixer so I'm just gonna give it a
mixer a new fly bar I mean I don't need
a new fly bar but since um if I'm gonna
drive down on the hobby shop why not
upgrade well that's one reason why you
don't buy the plastic version I only
bought it because I'm a beginner so